Get up get up
Give me out
He Yu, why are you here?
Don't you know why I'm here?
I don't know what you're talking about. I don't understand.
Xingchen Gong is always Shen Yuning
You know it all
You hurt me, it hurts
You have two lives
Are you crazy?
So what?
I'm your real fiancee
What is that woman?
Are you crazy or am I crazy?
I'll tell you what.
I will accept your engagement with me
If you dare to touch the salted fish mud again
I'm not done with you
Zeyu
Yes
What did you say
You have a fiancee?
Well this time you sleep
He did it.
Why didn't you tell me sooner?
I don't like him just speeding falcons
I'll find a way to get out of the breach
It's just your idea.
He won't agree
If this goes on, won't I become a third party?
I'm leaving here.
I want to go home.
You calm down
How do you want me to calm down?
He's going to kill my child
This is the next time my life will be gone
Really not
I promise how to guarantee
Can you promise to keep an eye on me 24 hours a day?
I'm getting out of here.